. $topsrcdir/browser/config/mozconfig

ac_add_options --prefix=/usr
ac_add_options --libdir=/usr/lib
ac_add_options --with-system-nss
ac_add_options --with-system-nspr
ac_add_options --with-system-hunspell
ac_add_options --with-system-zlib
ac_add_options --with-system-png
ac_add_options --with-system-icu
ac_add_options --with-system-libvpx 
ac_add_options --enable-system-sqlite 
ac_add_options --enable-system-cairo 
ac_add_options --with-pthreads
ac_add_options --disable-tests
ac_add_options --disable-debug
ac_add_options --enable-optimize
ac_add_options --disable-installer
ac_add_options --enable-xinerama
ac_add_options --enable-default-toolkit=cairo-gtk2
ac_add_options --disable-xprint
ac_add_options --disable-strip
ac_add_options --enable-pango
ac_add_options --enable-safe-browsing 
ac_add_options --enable-svg
ac_add_options --enable-canvas
ac_add_options --enable-startup-notification
ac_add_options --enable-libxul
ac_add_options --disable-crashreporter
ac_add_options --enable-safe-browsing
ac_add_options --enable-libnotify
ac_add_options --disable-necko-wifi
ac_add_options --disable-cpp-exceptions
ac_add_options --disable-updater
ac_add_options --enable-url-classifier
ac_add_options --enable-gio
ac_add_options --disable-gnomevfs
ac_add_options --disable-elf-hack
ac_add_options --enable-gio
ac_add_options --enable-gstreamer=1.0
ac_add_options --disable-pulseaudio
ac_add_options --disable-jemalloc
ac_add_options --disable-javaxpcom
ac_add_options --enable-release
ac_add_options --enable-official-branding
